{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww6500\viewh15500\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 September 4, 2018
\b0 \
It\'92s the day after Labor Day. I was supposed to go to work, but I called out because I think I might have pink eye? It\'92s hard to tell though because my eye hurts. Anyway, I feel like a leper so I\'92m staying home just in case.\
\

\b September 5, 2018
\b0 \
A quick visit to my doctor confirms that it is not pink eye! I met up with an ophthalmologist and she told me that I have sustained an \'93eye trauma\'94. I laughed to myself considering my line of business as I essentially make a living off of other people\'92s trauma. This probably isn\'92t funny unless you\'92ve worked in social services for a while. Anyway, the Dr. prescribed some rather expensive eye drops and I was cleared to go back to work. I definitely still look like I have pink eye.  \
\

\b September 7, 2018
\b0 \
I attended the Care Coordination dept. staff meeting this morning from 9am to 10am, and then walked over to the health clinic for a Health Homes team meeting. Health Homes is a grant from the state to provide patient navigation services to patients who have Medicaid and at least 2 chronic illnesses. To be honest, I really hate this grant. The work it funds is really important, but policies and procedures are completely unorganized and the people running it don\'92t seem to know what they\'92re doing. It\'92s fun! Later today I facilitated a group supervision session with the case managers I stepped in to supervise since we are short staffed. I listened to them complain for an hour about things I can\'92t fix. I\'92m sleepy and ready to go home.\
\

\b September 10, 2018
\b0 \
Today I was in a meeting with a representative from Gov. Cuomo\'92s office with some other staff members to talk about the work we do and why it\'92s so important for the state to continue funding us. It was pretty annoying though. They scheduled and cancelled on us 3 times, and when he actually showed up, he left us all in there for 25 minutes while he was on an \'93important call\'94. The things we do for money\'85\
\

\b September 11, 2018
\b0 \
Today I met with some staff in the mental health department to discuss expanding the Surgery Preparation Clinic for transgender patients. It was a productive meeting and we have a lot planned for it including research on the efficacy of our intervention and potentially opening up on Saturdays to maximize access for patients.  I also trained a new case manager for our site in the Bronx because so many patients need help. \
\

\b September 13, 2018
\b0 \
Today was our first \'93Big Bang\'94 meeting to improve health access for our transgender patients. This population in our clinic has outgrown our HIV positive population and it\'92s growing quickly! Our job in this committee is to spot problem areas in our clinic for staff and patients and propose new workflows to make things easier to navigate. We started off the meeting with a rather lengthy icebreaker, but luckily we started the process mapping exercise to get a bigger picture of the issues we face getting patients ready for surgery.\
\

\b September 18, 2018
\b0 \
Today I met with my \'91mentor\'92 to discuss my new role at the clinic. I was asked to write my own job description based on my presentation of problem areas in transgender health access, but it was only semi-approved by my Executive Director, because they want to haggle about the title and salary. It will take a couple months to transition into this new job but I\'92m excited to move into a project management role, and away from having to manage the daily crisis cycle that is our clinic. Hello burnout! I have to work late tonight to host a video screening for the new episodes of \'93Transmasculine & Healthy\'94, a video docuseries about the sexual health of transmen. I hope people show up!\
\

\b September 24, 2018
\b0 \
The meeting with the ED went well! I negotiated for a 15% salary increase and FINALLY signed the paperwork. Unfortunately everything is moving super fast. I literally only have a week left before I start my new job, so I have a couple days to tell my supervisees that they\'92re getting new supervisors and then I have to pack my desk. Yikes! \
\

\b September 27, 2018
\b0 \
So I pretty much walked into a shit storm today. Got called into an emergency meeting because one of our patients threatened to murder one of the surgeon\'92s staff members at Mt. Sinai because she \'93wasn\'92t being seen fast enough\'94. She was discharged from their practice 2 weeks after receiving a vaginoplasty and needed to be linked to a provider who can provide after care for her because she was turned away from other providers. Luckily I work with a great team of pcps who were able to step in to offer medical care, but patient outbursts like this are happening more and more. Perhaps now the eye trauma joke contains a little more context? Insert full-teethed grimace emoji. I have to stay late for our fundraiser where I will happily drink some complimentary booze after this wild day.\
\

\b October 2, 2018
\b0 \
Today I\'92m beginning to wind down the meetings with my mentor. He congratulated me on the promotion and encouraged me to keep up the good work so-to-speak. I thanked him for the support in return. It was a really nice moment and it definitely felt good to be acknowledged. So he goes on to update me on everything that\'92s been going on in the clinic and naturally, there is a new PR problem that I have to deal with. 1) There is another estrogen shortage and the funding source for those low-cost medications only cover a specific manufacturer. 2) The only other manufacturer of estrogen just jacked up the price by 3324.48%!! I\'92m not even kidding! 3) This means that the health center can\'92t afford to provide low cost estrogen anymore and our patients are mostly low-income. 4) There will be community backlash against the clinic for sure, so I have been tasked with figuring out how to message this to our patients. Awesome.\
\

\b October 5, 2018
\b0 \
This morning I conducted my second training for our mental health providers on trans health policy, insurance discrimination, patient surgery prep, doing proper surgery readiness assessments, common patient issues, and writing WPATH compliant letters. It\'92s really hard to keep everyone on the same page so I hope this training is helpful.  Fingers crossed. \
\

\b October 8, 2018
\b0 \
It\'92s definitely a Monday. There is a patient here who refuses to leave the building until he gets a letter from a psychiatrist and I\'92ve been called in to talk to him because he wanted to \'93speak to a supervisor\'94.  After dropping everything I was doing to check in with him, it becomes evident that he created the problem for himself and decided to put it on us to fix for him.  He was rude and aggressive the whole time. I honestly can\'92t wait to stop seeing patients. This dude really put me over the edge today and it\'92s not even 11am yet! Never trust anyone who wants to speak to a supervisor. \
\

\b October 9, 2018
\b0 \
I finally found some time to pack my desk. Deuces!\
\

\b October 11, 2018
\b0 \
I just found out that a patient I\'92ve been working with for a long time is at risk of being discharged from our mental health department for disruptive behavior. She\'92s normally really sweet so I was kind of shocked to hear this. It\'92s sad because she honestly needs the therapy so I\'92m hoping to find some alternative resources for her.  In other news, the case managers I\'92m temporarily supervising have been calling out a lot lately and its really annoying to keep changing the schedule constantly. I wonder if they will ever hire someone for the position I\'92m covering for? I\'92m a little tired of doing 3 full time jobs\'85\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}